hello chuggers welcome to another toy
review today I'm going to show you four
packages from the Chuggington die cast
collection here we have Emery and Hodge
with popcorn car and these are Kelly
with boxcar and hoot and toot Emery's a
funny little train
he likes to trick other trains into
thinking they have a problem he's the
only ancient decares an additional
carriage with him all the time
his right eye is green but his left eye
is blue so now let's talk about Kelly
she's the assistant of doom borer and
she's also the emergency engine who is
always sent to help other chuggers
whenever they in trouble in this package
she comes with a box car hood into it
are twins and they're joined
back-to-back suit is a female engine and
has blue eyes but hoot is a male engine
with green eyes punch is always working
with Eddie the handyman
he's a bit like a pickup truck in this
package he comes with a popcorn carriage
these die casts are all custom painted
with no stickers and measures six inches
long it's a good thing that you can
connect all these diecast together to
have more fun
[Music]
all right little sugars thanks for
watching this review and click on these
videos to watch the race railway playset
or the training yard with loop thanks
again and see you next time
[Applause]